All right.
So now that we are going to see how we can query our actual large language model, I mean, ask our
large language model to query the, uh, the data from the vector stores and get the response based
on the correct context.
So we'll see how that is going to happen this time.
So in order for doing that I am going to say, um, this is going to be using uh, uh, document retrieval
um, manually.
So I'm saying manually this time and you'll understand what I really mean about that retrieval manually.
Um, and I'm going to hit okay.
And you'll understand why I'm saying this in a in some time.
But for now, just don't worry about it.
I'm just going to say, uh, link chain dot prompts, uh, maybe like chain core, uh, dot output parser.
I'm going to import our string output parser, if you remember that we were using before, uh, and
now over here I'm going to ask a query over here.
So I'm going to say um, maybe explain how the position wise, uh, feed forward network works.
Network uh, calculation works something like that.
So this is the detail which is already there in the document.
I'm just thinking maybe we can ask that and I'm going to say the retrieved um, docs.
So retrieved uh, docs is equal to I'm going to ask call our retriever that we created in our last lecture
which is this guy retriever.
And I'm going to say dot get relevant documents.
Look at that.
This is so easy.
So if I'm just going to ask like get the relevant document, it is going to give me all the documents.
But once we get all the documents, we also need to make sure that we merge all these documents, uh,
so that we can create the context text for our large language model.
Right now we have to do that one as well.
So I'm going to say slash n slash n uh dot join.
So I'm going to join one by one.
And I'm going to say uh doc dot page content right for doc in the retrieved documents.
So this is going to join all the documents that we have got into one single document with some of course
there is some delimiter there.
And now that becomes our context text that we are going to be passing in.
And now I need to create our chat prompt.
There we go.
So that is when our chat prompt is going to coming in.
Remember our chat prompt?
The olden days that we were talking about in our earlier lectures of the course?
We're going to bring in that guy over here.
So I'm going to say prompts import a chat message prompt.
And over here on the chat message prompt I'm just going to say prompt template is equal to chat prompt
template dot from template.
And over here I'm going to be creating our chat prompt template.
So I'm just going to say this oops.
Over here.
And now I'm going to create my prompt.
So basically I'm going to give you some questions over here.
So I can use system and then human message and all those things.
But I just want to keep things simple this time.
So I'm going to say you are an AI assistant.
Uh, right.
And you're going to use the following context to answer the question correctly, and the context is
going to be the context I'm going to give.
And if you don't know the answer, just tell.
I don't know.
All right.
This is something that I'm going to say to the large language model over here.
And now I'm going to give the context over here.
I'm going to say the context, which I'm going to be passing in for this particular query.
And I'm also going to supply the question which I'm going to be asking.
Uh, so this is something I need to pass as well.
And that is going to be slash slash n.
And finally, I'm expecting the AI to answer, which is going to be sitting over here.
So this is how my prompt template is going to be over here.
Look at that.
That's beautiful.
Right.
So that's my prompt template.
And now I can use this prompt template within our pipeline to perform this operation.
So I'm going to create a chain function over here.
And I'm going to say prompt template which is going to be acting as an input for the large language
model.
And get me the output in the string parser.
These are things that we did before in our earlier lectures of this course.
Um, so I'm going to do that over here.
And of course, you know what we need to do.
So I'm going to say, uh, response is equal to chain dot.
You know what it is because it's a runnable.
So we need to call this invoke method.
And over here we need to pass two things right.
The first one is the context.
And the next one is going to be the question.
So these are two things that we need to pass.
So I'm going to say context uh which is going to be the context text that we have got which is this
one.
And we also need to pass the Question, which is going to be the query that we have got, which is the
question.
Right.
So that is the question.
And now we will see what is going to be the response.
So I'm going to say print response over here.
Look at that.
That is our actual code which is going to be retrieving the relevant documents.
And then it's going to stitch all of them together, which is going to be acting as a context text.
And then we are going to pass it to our prompt template for the given context.
And then we're going to ask the question and we're going to get the answer.
So let's see what is going to basically happen.
Oh look at that.
What is this.
I'm getting an error there.
What is this chat message prompt.
Missing input value prompt.
Oh sorry about that.
I'm actually using this chat message prompt template instead of the chat prompt template.
That is the problem over here.
Ah look at that.
Sorry about it.
If you are using the chat message prompt template, then we need to pass the the message placeholder
here.
And because we're not passing the message placeholder, we should be fine just with the chat prompt
template.
That is the problem that we have got over here.
And let me try to run this code again.
So let's see what is going to happen over here.
There we go.
Look at that.
So for this question the the actual LLM is giving us the response saying the provided contract does
not have the information about this one.
It seems to be discussing the method for detecting bias on social data set and conversational AI system.
If you have different context or need explanation related to this topic, please provide that information.
Look at that.
So for this question, the LLM don't have the answer, which is amazing.
That's the reason why I just gave like a very complex question over here.
So maybe we can probably ask over here that how to test a translation in LLM.
Something like that.
So maybe this question can be answered because we have seen, uh, there are different types of testing
available for the translation.
Maybe this LLM knows about it and look at that.
Now we can see that to test the LLM like GPT, GPT four you can find the structured approach.
And they have got this information over here coming up.
So these are the ways that you can do the testing to test the uh to test the translation.
So these are all coming up from uh over here.
So this shows that we could able to actually retrieve the information out from our documentation, which
is amazing.
So this proves the point that we could able to query from our large language model using this query
over here.
In our next lecture, I'm going to show you another way for you to write the prompt, like how you have
written over here.
Instead of you writing this whole prompt, we can use the, uh, the chain hub to retrieve some of the
prompt from the third parties.
I'll show you how we can actually use that.